index.md, before:

---
title: attoAgenda | Toasmasters meeting agenda
---

# welcome

attoAgenda displays your next Toastmasters™ club agenda in a clean format,
perfect for mobile viewing. Each time you open the app, the agenda is
automatically refreshed so you're always up-to-date. attoAgenda is perfect
for a club officer or meeting Toastmaster who wants an easy way to see the club agenda, the
members assigned to each role, and which roles still need to be filled.

## support

Contact [attoAgenda support](mailto:attoAgenda@gmail.com) if you have any
problems with attoAgenda.

## FAQ

### Why doesn't attoAgenda show me more information?
attoAgenda is currently at Version 1 and only provides the most basic
(though still very useful!) agenda information. If you'd like to see more,
please send your suggestions to
[attoAgenda support](mailto:attoAgenda@gmail.com).

### Can I try the app without entering my credentials?
Sure! In the settings screen, press the button labeled
<i>Fill in settings for sample agenda.</i> That will fill in random
names in a sample agenda. It may also include a few unassigned roles.
Time to get them filled!

Commit message:

FAQ: more than one agenda?

index.md, after:

---
title: attoAgenda | Toasmasters meeting agenda
---

# welcome

attoAgenda displays your next Toastmasters™ club agenda in a clean format,
perfect for mobile viewing — see the sample screenshot on the right.
Each time you open the app, the agenda is
automatically refreshed so you're always up-to-date. attoAgenda is perfect
for a club officer or meeting Toastmaster who wants an easy way to see the club
agenda, the members assigned to each role, and which roles still need to be
filled.

## support

Contact [attoAgenda support](mailto:attoAgenda@gmail.com) if you have any
problems with attoAgenda.

## FAQ

### Why doesn't attoAgenda show me more information/allow me to sign up for a role/drop a role/see speech details/more?
attoAgenda is currently at Version 1 and only provides the most basic
(though still very useful!) agenda information. If you'd like to see more,
please send your suggestions to
[attoAgenda support](mailto:attoAgenda@gmail.com).

### Can I try the app without entering my credentials?
Sure! In the settings screen, press the button labeled
<i>Fill in settings for sample agenda.</i> That will fill in random
names in a sample agenda. It may also include a few unassigned roles.
Time to get them filled!

### When does the display change to the next meeting?
attoAgenda displays the "next" meeting, until 11:59pm of the meeting date.
After midnight of the meeting's date, the next meeting will be displayed.

### How do I see more than one agenda/just the speech slots/more?
Those are great suggestions for future versions. Please contact
[attoAgenda support](mailto:attoAgenda@gmail.com) with all your great ideas.
